Remove RTL icon flip from info list item (#214)
pxblue/angular-component-library: CHANGELOG.md

-   Fixed header height bug which affected `<pxb-drawer-header>` in Safari.
-   Fixed misalignment of `<pxb-info-list-item>`'s right content.

### Removed

> -   Removed icon inversion logic from `<pxb-info-list-item>` when viewing right-to-left directionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Removed automatic RTL flip logic from user-provided icons to `<pxb-info-list-item>`.
```
